Update count-messages (ksqlDB), first-kafka-streams-application (Kafka Streams), deserialization-errors (ksqlDB) (#25)
confluentinc/tutorials: creating-first-apache-kafka-streams-application/kstreams/README.md

# Creating your first Kafka Streams application

This tutorial demonstrates how to build a simple Kafka Streams application. You can go more in depth in the [Kafka Streams 101 course.](https://developer.confluent.io/learn-kafka/kafka-streams/get-started/)

In its simplest form, a Kafka Streams application defines a source node for consuming records from a topic, performs one or more operations or transformations on the incoming records, then produces the updated results back to Kafka.

> 

Reviewer: Suggest adding some context setting before the code snippet. e.g.

```
For example, let's work through the following Kafka Streams topology definition that simply uppercases the string values from a source topic.
```

```java
         builder.stream(INPUT_TOPIC, Consumed.with(stringSerde, stringSerde))
                .mapValues(s -> s.toUpperCase())
                .to(OUTPUT_TOPIC, Produced.with(stringSerde, stringSerde));
```

Let's do a quick review of this simple application.

```java
  builder.stream(INPUT_TOPIC, Consumed.with(stringSerde, stringSerde))
```
 
This line creates a `KStream` instance using the topic `INPUT_TOPIC` as the source and uses the `Consumed` configuration object to provide the `Serde` objects needed to deserialize the incoming records.

```java
 .mapValues(s -> s.toUpperCase())
```

> Here you're performing a basic transformation on the incoming values by upper-casing each one.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you're performing a basic transformation on the incoming values by uppercasing each one.  
```
